what's going on your shoe vision Eyes
White Dragon got a trade binder so let's
get started majestic Star ghost majestic
red dragon ghost ultra coil ghost black
removes go start us de Lauren dueling
jujitsu master ultimate chaos Emperor
dragon cows cows ryzza super ultimate
first edition of a nice teen rare
vanities fein mark the rose victoria
obelisk play set of secret Thunder kings
all these are ultimate athena and then
rose water ultimate Reich Oh super
Thunder unicorn ultimate nurse fallen
one super necrovalley super dark bull
dealings ultimate allure ultimate merges
teleport and then got two chariots is it
a reticulan gold plague hardened armed
dragon Caius damn dude ultimate gold
brain control tried and drag young
secret realm hobby sang again another
gold plague some ex saber stuff triple
dark sold cultural tualatin ultra black
rose ultra reborn secret lava golem
osuji crush Lila ultimate Kommandant
ultimate crusade of endymion erratic
epidemic gold royal decree a super dark
creators Panem of chaos a super heavy
storm super returned from a different
dimension gold gardna gold
reinforcements dark bribes super
carnation playset of Giga plants super
trap hole ultra and gold moon tranquilla
ultimate of the hollow necrovalley
demise King and King sanctuary place it
a saber slashes wat draft armory arm
super poly and then that's it and then
formats
we've got the Nats JT dark arm and a
dark magician girl Matt so if you see
anything you want send me a message and
we'll work something out I got my lists
of what I want my wants on the
description so be sure to check it out
because I want kind of weird stuff like
power bond anyways thanks for watching
YouTube peace